docs: plugins (#11)
eye-square/docs: plugins/webhooks.md

<h1 align="center">
  <img src="../images/logo.png" alt="in-context" width="75" height="75">
</h1>

# webhooks

In-context provides plugins the options to listen to webhooks in order to react on events that happen within in-context.

> To setup a webhook you need to provide a `http POST` endpoint that in-context then notifies when system events occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To setup a webhook you need to provide an `http POST` endpoint that in-context then calls when system events occur. The call includes information about the event that can be used to process it.
```

There are a few important things to keep in mind when validating webhook payloads:

In-context uses an HMAC hex digest to compute the hash.
The hash signature always starts with sha256=.
The hash signature is generated using your webhook's secret and the payload contents.
If your language and server implementation specifies a character encoding, ensure that you handle the payload as UTF-8. Webhook payloads can contain unicode characters.

### Testing the webhook payload validation

You can use the following secret and payload values to verify that your implementation is correct:

secret: "It's a Secret to Everybody"
payload: "Hello, World!"
If your implementation is correct, the signatures that you generate should match the following signature values:

signature: 757107ea0eb2509fc211221cce984b8a37570b6d7586c22c46f4379c8b043e17
e2-signature-256: sha256=757107ea0eb2509fc211221cce984b8a37570b6d7586c22c46f4379c8b043e17

## Possible events and their payloads

The following webhook events are possible: 

> - projectCreated: A project has been created with at least one subject group using your plugin.
> - projectUpdated: A project has been updated with at least one subject group using your plugin after the update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- projectCreated: A project has been created with at least one subject group that is using your plugin.
- projectUpdated: A project has been updated with at least one subject group that is using your plugin after the update.
```
